A NETFLIX SERIES
JANA HAS LEFT THE GROUP
No way.
Is dropping out a new trend now?
-Esteban?
-Right.
-First Esteban, now Jana.
-No, it's Esteban.
Where's Luka?
That was great, for a county fair.
It sucks.
Just watch and learn.
If you don't like it, leave.
I'm just saying,
while Xuxa ruins the chorus,
you're being knockoff Luis Miguel
with worse vocals.
It's a shame
you're wasting someone like me.
I'm talented, I sing well. Honestly.
I know you're talented.
I don't need you now. Back to your corner.
Luka!
Hey, no.
No morons here.
What's wrong?
You're coming with me
to tell Celina about the video.
-What about the video?
-He blackmailed me.
They sabotaged us.
I didn't do anything.
Don't play dumb.
We had a deal. I did my part.
Why didn't you tell me everything?
What do you want?
If you knew you were my brother,
you should've told me from the start.
What?
Marcelo's my dad, dude.
Brothers?
You didn't know?
Don't mess with me.
Being Marcelo's son
doesn't make you a Colucci.
You're a knockoff.
You're a poor kid.
That's why your mom left.
Go ahead, hit me.
Luka, are you okay?
This is the real video.
Kick me out if you want,
but the band is innocent.
Is it fair to pay for something
you were forced into?
Esteban, tell me the truth.
Just give them a chance.
Hey.
Relax.
It's taking a long time.
Yeah.
I'll be right back.
What did I say?
Everyone's leaving.
-We're going home.
-No. Why?
You're not spending
another minute here, María José.
Just look how you're dressed.
-Why?
-You know why. You lied to us.
-We know everything.
-What are you talking about?
Oh please.
Teresa from church sent this to us.
Someone recognized you and told her.
You're drunk and singing blasphemy.
This isn't the daughter we raised.
We're leaving now.
-Let's go.
-I'm not the daughter you raised.
I'm happier, okay?
I lied that this was
a religious music school.
But that was the only way.
Plus, doesn't the Bible say we should use
the talents God gave us?
Oh please.
That's what church choir is for. Okay?
I'm more than a choir singer, Dad.
Much more.
I'm singing at the final tomorrow.
On a huge stage.
Come see me.
Please.
If you don't like it,
take me out of school, no questions asked.
Just give me a chance.
Are you okay?
We have to be in the final.
It's the only option.
What did they say?
What happened?
We're still disqualified.
I tried talking to Celina,
but the board is adamant.
She can't help us.
We submitted the video late.
I screwed up, I'm sorry.
No, dude. It's not your fault.
This is on Luka.
He manipulated all of us.
Yeah, but I could've refused.
MJ, I'm sorry.
No, it's okay.
We can always try next year.
I won't have a next year!
My parents want to pull me out of school.
I convinced them
to give me until the final.
I was sure I'd convince them
when they heard me sing, but…
-Thanks, Jana, you have 30 minutes to eat.
-Sure.
Okay.
Thank you.
You look beautiful, hon.
You have to learn
to put things in perspective.
At the end of the day,
that school had you… trapped.
It wasn't for you.
I don't want to talk about it, okay?
Thanks.
Careful with your figure.
Here.
Jana.
Can you come here for a moment?
Are you done, Luka? You were off pitch.
We need to finish high.
-I like it.
-Thanks.
Well, I hate it.
You didn't play well either, don't start.
Hey, you're not doing us any favors.
Remember you're here because of me, Luka.
If you want to play with your friends,
go ahead. I'm sure they'd love your opera.
If we don't win, book your ticket home.
THE NONAMES ARE DISQUALIFIED
Hell yeah. The Nonames are out.
What's wrong?
It's not fair to them.
Why are you defending them?
Are you so afraid of them
that you can't win fairly?
You don't know anything.
What did you do, Luka?
Sabotage the video?
The nice act isn't for you.
I've practiced enough.
Can you give me a minute?
JANA! ANSWER ME. WE NEED YOUR HELP.
JANA? WHERE ARE YOU? WE CAN'T GIVE UP.
Janita, you're on in five.
Jana, what's wrong?
Is it about your friends?
Why are you so upset, Janita?
This is a step in the right direction.
Jana Cohen's return to the stage.
This is what's best for you.
Everything happens for a reason.
After all, that school wasn't…
I heard what happened.
I never wanted this to happen.
I wanted to see you in the final.
And you will,
in the audience.
What do you want me to do?
I don't know. Walking out on Sebas
would be a good start.
But didn't you feel so bad?
Your priorities are clear, Emilia.
Congratulations, I guess.
You'll win singing backup for that idiot.
Winning is the first step
to a record deal.
It means staying in Mexico with you.
If you want to stay with me so badly,
why do you keep acting like we're nothing?
Please, Andi. Don't do this to me now.
You think I'll wait while everyone thinks
you're banging that guy?
Nah.
Give me a chance, please.
I've given you plenty.
Now it's clear what really matters to you.
I hope you win.
Oh, and Emilia, please,
don't contact me again.
No, Andi!
Andi!
You don't have to do anything.
You don't have to save me or anything.
I'm not doing this for you.
The world deserves to feel what I do
when I hear you sing. That's why.
I know you were born to be on stage.
Singing.
Showing everyone how talented,
beautiful, and incredible you are.
Seriously.
You're one of a kind.
We'll be in the final.
You'll see.
We need to talk to Jana,
she'll have an idea to…
You too, Dixon?
Jana's gone. She doesn't give a shit.
Everyone follows her
like she's Wonder Woman.
How can we trust someone who left us?
I'm tired.
MJ…
I'm sorry. I just…
Can I?
I wanted to apologize.
You shouldn't have to deal
with the final fiasco.
Like you care.
I do. I like you.
You're very talented.
I mean it.
I'm not just saying it,
I saw at the party.
Where you left me
unconscious in the Jacuzzi?
I was too drunk to realize
how drunk you were. I'm sorry.
If I didn't leave, I would've freaked out.
You must think I'm a villain.
I'm sure Jana says so all the time.
My problem is with her, not you.
Really, I like you.
I think Jana is jealous of you.
Very much.
You're more than a backup singer.
You didn't have to do that.
You're back.
What did you gain by destroying us?
Dude, you could've won on your own.
You have more talent than all of EWS
and you know it.
You want me to be the villain here?
Should I monologue
about all my reasons why?
You don't have to be
what others want you to be.
I'm not who I thought I was.
And I'm definitely not who others thought.
You don't have to be either.
What do you mean by that?
You said it yourself.
You took on the role of the villain.
And you're not.
As hard as you might try.
Being a Colucci
doesn't mean you need to act like one.
I need your help.
MJ, why don't you do that tomorrow?
What does it matter?
No way. Jana!
I'm so glad you're back.
There's something we need to do.
We're ending The Lodge.
Another plan?
Give it a rest.
What's up? Where are you going?
She told her parents
she'd sing in the final
so they'd let her stay.
Since she's not…
MJ, I promise we'll be in the final.
Give me a chance to fix this.
You won't regret it.
You look like you've seen a ghost.
I didn't think you'd come back.
You're back.
-You too.
-Yeah.
What is this moron doing here?
Luka's helping us get into the final.
Helping us?
Please, Jana.
The only thing this guy's done
is stab us in the back.
I'm your only option to play in the final.
I don't buy it either.
I made a mistake.
People make mistakes.
I'm asking for forgiveness.
I'm sorry, really.
Plus, I want to show my dad he's wrong.
Their dad.
What do you mean?
Marcelo's my father.
A lot's happened since you left.
-Hi.
-What do you want?
You could at least say hi.
The Nonames know everything
about The Lodge.
They're planning to tell all at the final.
What?
Yeah. When XY goes on stage,
they're going to play the "Save Me" video.
And then a video
of you and MJ at Jana's party.
Wanna know the last part?
They have proof you're screwing Anita.
That's impossible, Luka.
It's not.
They think I'm on their side.
Why do they think that?
What do you mean?
I'm the best actor at this school.
Get The Lodge together.
-What does the band know?
-A lot.
They know The Lodge
is a knockoff American frat.
They don't know why it's so important
for Sebas to win the competition.
If you want to be successful at EWS,
the only way is to team up with us.
If you have the right last name,
you're admitted.
In exchange,
The Lodge paves your way to win.
That's why The Nonames became a problem
and I had so much trouble.
What trouble, Luka?
This helps us both win.
I get that. I don't understand you, Anita.
What?
You said to get in,
you need to have the right last name,
come from a wealthy family,
but you're a secretary.
I'm the coordinator of this chapter
of The Lodge. Every school has--
So you're still a secretary.
Can you believe they just found out?
-What?
-Look what we have here.
We got you!
Come on. Quick!
They're filming.
Careful, Limantour!
Look at them.
Hey, Sebas.
We got you.
Sebas and The Lodge
have plotted against us from the start.
They also made Luka sabotage our video.
I can't find Mr. Langarica.
Obviously.
He just shat himself and ran away.
-Watch your language.
-Thank you, Lourdes.
This is a lot. I need to process this.
Really, I can't believe Anita.
I feel so stupid.
Don't blame yourself, Principal Ferrer.
Bad people take advantage
of those with good intentions.
I'll talk to the board immediately.
I promise we won't let this go,
there will be consequences.
Wow, I can't believe you're a Colucci.
I know.
What a trip.
I thought the craziest thing that happened
was finding out Dixon's rich.
What, dude?
Well, not really. I mean,
my family lives
comfortably.
No way, only rich people say that. God.
Yeah, dude.
Cheer up.
It's over, we beat The Lodge.
We can play in the final.
If it even happens.
It will.
What do you mean?
Obviously, it's happening.
And we're playing.
Yeah, relax.
We could even win.
-Can we talk?
-Yeah.
We're going to kill it.
You're going to shine.
Like you always do.
Okay?
Where did they go?
They're so predictable.
-They're getting back together.
-Of course they are.
They'll come back sweaty,
with messy hair, and smiles
like this.
When you said it was a hard time
in your life, I didn't imagine this.
Yeah.
I thought finding my mom
would give meaning to my life.
But it didn't.
What gives my life meaning is you.
What's wrong?
Is everything okay?
I can't.
After you found your mom,
I thought you'd realize
you don't need anyone
to give your life meaning.
You want me to be that for you.
It's not fair to either of us.
You don't have to do things for me,
or your mom,
or anyone.
Do it for you.
I barely have a grip on my own life.
Esteban.
I don't think we should stay together.
Jana, I fucked up. Okay? I'm sorry.
Let's take it slow.
Let's be friends.
We still have the band.
-Hey, Sebas.
-We got you.
Anita is obviously fired.
As for the students, the rules are clear.
We have to expel everyone involved.
Except Sebastián Langarica.
But he's the leader of The Lodge.
He's also the son
of Mexico's future president.
Do you want that responsibility?
No. If this gets out,
it will be a complete scandal.
We have to act in EWS' best interest.
What's best for the school
is setting an example,
bringing justice.
Justice?
If life were fair,
you'd be enjoying
the fruits of a successful career,
instead of being a glorified babysitter.
But you're not.
You weren't part of RBD,
not for lack of talent,
but because that's life.
Of course we'll hold students accountable.
I see at least a dozen students here
that are easy to identify.
We can expel them without a problem.
If you don't like it,
you can quit.
And leave my students with the board?
Sorry, Mr. Colucci, it won't be that easy.
Do you think this is all on a whim?
Quite the contrary.
In fact,
I'd like to make a deal.
Something that can benefit everyone.
Plus,
I'm willing to expel someone big.
What do you think?
Wait for me here.
Don't move.
I thought The Lodge
offered protection for its members.
I don't see
any protection for you, though.
Don't worry about me, Luka.
Don't flatter yourself.
But I like your optimism,
you know what's coming.
A future as a karaoke waitress.
Cleaning up dishes.
Look, at least I know I'll be okay.
I can't say the same for you.
Excuse me.
Mr. Colucci, come in.
Guys.
The board reviewed the case,
and they decided
The Nonames can compete in the final.
And what happened with The Lodge?
They'll all be expelled.
They're expelling Sebas?
No, not him.
What?
Sebastián won't be expelled from EWS.
That doesn't make sense.
Sebastián is the leader of The Lodge.
Jana, I don't agree either.
But there are
a lot of things I can't control.
I don't get it. If you're not
expelling Sebastián, then who?
They kicked me out.
It's bullshit.
I can't believe
they're trying to silence us.
They want us to play
like nothing happened.
-Luka, they can't do this.
-It's done.
Well, if we play in the final,
we can beat Sebas.
That would teach him a lesson, right?
So we should just keep quiet?
We'd be accomplices.
I know we didn't want it to be like this,
but it's our only chance.
By selling out?
Don't be so dramatic, Jana.
I'm not.
They kicked out Luka and not Sebas.
Does that seem fair?
You can't only think about yourself.
I have to be on that stage
or my parents are pulling me.
I know and I get it.
We'll find a way to prevent that.
And what way is that, Ms. Know-it-all?
Let's stop fighting
and think of a solution.
We have to work as a team.
We're not a team.
It's Jana and her backup singers.
Bro,
I know we haven't been
the best of friends.
But it's not fair you're leaving.
Thanks, but it's okay.
I'm sick of this shit.
Marcelo screwed me. That's it.
-We could…
-Jana.
It's done.
I have my ticket to Buenos Aires.
I'm leaving soon.
I'd say you could come,
but you can't afford it.
-Asshole.
-We don't know if we're going to play.
What do you mean?
Why not?
What would you do?
What do I care? I have nothing to lose.
They expelled me.
But you're still part of The Nonames.
Brother, change that name, it's terrible.
Brother?
What else should I call you?
Bastard?
What are you waiting for?
Get changed, you have to play.
BATTLE OF THE BANDS
FINAL ROUND
Hi, Mom.
What did you think?
I wouldn't find out
about your little stunt?
-It didn't happen. They have no proof.
-Right.
I promise I'll win, Mom.
What does it matter
if you win a contest for kids?
Tell me.
-Are you wearing makeup?
-No.
-Go take that off.
-Marina.
-Good to see you.
-How are you?
-Thanks for coming.
-Thank you.
I know you're busy. Welcome.
-It's a pleasure.
-Please.
I'm going to get changed.
-Watch your step. Follow me.
-Okay.
Sorry, excuse me.
Welcome.
Thanks for coming.
We hope you enjoy the show.
-I'm sure we will.
-Please, ma'am, if you will.
Thank you.
Here you are.
There are some spots over there.
Good afternoon.
It's a pleasure to have you all here.
Welcome to the final
of the Battle of the Bands.
It's been weeks of intense competition
and many obstacles.
But finally, we're here.
Dude, the whole fucking world came.
Amazing.
I know. Let's go.
I think Jana and her friends got scared.
Scared of you? No way.
We're not the ones who ran
when we found you
at your little Halloween party.
What?
What? Didn't he tell you
we caught him and his club?
Oh, you didn't know he was in The Lodge.
Shut up.
Don't listen to them. Let them talk.
We've already won.
Well, not yet.
Not yet.
You good, man?
I'm good.
Remember that the winning band
will record a single
with one of the biggest stars
in Latin America.
Give it up for Hive.
Ready? Let's go.
Laura.
Thank you.
Hey, guys.
What was that?
Emilia, what was that?
Nothing.
Stuck on your planet
For a while, that was never
My plan
But my spaceship broke down
And now I'm
Lost in these mornings with three suns
And multiple visions
Transparent mountains
Anemones of light
Particles of love
And memories of you…
Please give a big round of applause
for Andi Agosti and Emilia Alo.
Andi! Come here.
-Come.
-What?
What are you doing?
What now?
You wanted everyone to know, right?
Love
I just want to give you love
That's all I want
That's all I want…
What happened to our act?
Your act.
I quit.
No, please.
I already have.
I just want to give you love
That's all I want
Hive!
-Congrats!
-Good job.
That was good!
Good luck.
Good job!
Congratulations.
Let's move on to our next finalists.
Let's give a big round of applause
for XY.
What are you thinking?
-XY?
-What are you doing?
I know what you're going to do, okay?
I don't have a choice.
Guys?
That's the intro, go into F major.
-Okay.
-I'm on violin, you take piano.
Okay, got it.
You always said you'd never leave
If it didn't go well for you
Not fighting for what you want
Is just losing
If I hurt you, it's because I'm careless
Not because I don't care
Tell me what you prefer
To have or to fear
You only think about how it will end
I keep thinking how I'll end up
One day you say you can't
I feel like I never had you
I did everything to make you stay
What do I have left?
Lost time, maybe I won
I went from missing you to saying
I'm sorry for wasting your time
For trying again
For thinking this fight
Would make you happy
I break
Sometimes I don't even understand myself
How can I understand this
If I never understood you?
You always said you'd never leave
If it didn't go well for you
Not fighting for what you want
Is just losing
If I hurt you, it's because I'm careless
Not because I don't care
Tell me what you prefer
To have or to fear
XY!
Thank you, XY,
for that amazing performance.
We're getting close
to the end of the show.
Who's your favorite so far?
We have a third finalist.
Please give a big round of applause
for The Nonames.
Break a leg.
I'm sure you're wondering
why we're in the final
after getting disqualified.
The truth is
the school board offered us a deal.
They asked for our silence
so we could be on stage today.
But we won't stay quiet.
This school is the home of The Lodge,
a secret group that works for the benefit
of the most influential students.
They're the ones that started
the hazing that got out of control.
They beat up Esteban.
They deleted our video.
In fact, the president of The Lodge
is Sebastián Langarica.
You all know him.
The school board knows this
but they didn't do anything.
We won't stay quiet,
even if it means being disqualified.
They already expelled me,
so I don't give a shit.
-Luka, get down from there.
-No.
Please, ladies and gentlemen,
enjoy the show.
What are you doing with your phones?
What is that?
Ma'am, don't…
Celina, this band is disqualified.
Mom.
What is this, Sebastián?
Huh?
You don't have anything to say?
You're a Langarica, damn it.
Let's go, Nonames!
Let's go!
What are you doing?
Get down from there, you're disqualified.
We are…
Rebel!
While my mind travels where you are
My father yells at me again
He says I'm wasting my future
And his peace
Because of how I am
As I hear him, I'm far away
I close my eyes and think of you
I am a Rebel
When I don't follow others
I am a Rebel
When I love you like crazy
Thinking differently from yesterday
I am a Rebel
When I put myself on the line
I don't really care what they say about me
I close my eyes and think of you
I am a Rebel
When I don't follow others
When I love you like crazy
I am a Rebel
Thinking differently from yesterday
When I put myself on the line
I am a Rebel
Rebel!
-What's wrong with you, Luka?
-Calm down.
Take it down a notch.
Why don't you take it down a notch
and explain yourself?
No. You won't have to see me again.
And when you feel the urge
to scream or humiliate someone,
you have your other son.
What other son?
-What do you mean?
-Bye.
What? Where are you going, Luka?
-Let's go.
-Hey, Luka!
Luka!
Bye, Dad.
Subtitle translation by: Zach Beacher